Docs: Add documentation about log levels (#28975)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/explore/index.md

Results of log queries are shown as histograms in the graph and individual logs are displayed below. If the data source does not send histogram data for the requested time range, the logs model computes a time series based on the log row counts bucketed by an automatically calculated time interval and the start of the histogram is then anchored by the first log row's timestamp from the result. The end of the time series is anchored to the time picker's **To** range.

#### Log level

> If log has a **level label**, we use the value of the label to determine log level and update color accordingly. If log doesn't have a level label, we parse the log line to determine log level. If Grafana is not able to determiine log level, it will be visualised with **unknown log level**.

Reviewer: - should be `**level** label`, because "level" is the important label.
- should be `**unknown** log level`. 
- 1st sentence: "If the logs have a..."
- 2nd sentence: "If the logs do not have..."
- 3rd: "If Grafana is not able to determine the log ..."

Author: Great points! Updated. 🙂

Results of log queries are shown as histograms in the graph and individual logs are displayed below. If the data source does not send histogram data for the requested time range, the logs model computes a time series based on the log row counts bucketed by an automatically calculated time interval and the start of the histogram is then anchored by the first log row's timestamp from the result. The end of the time series is anchored to the time picker's **To** range.

#### Log level

For logs with a **level** label, we use the value of the label to determine log level and update color accordingly. If log doesn't have a level label, we parse the log line to find out if its content matches any of the supported expressions (see below). Log level is always determined by the first match. In a case where Grafana is not able to determine log level, log will be visualised with **unknown** log level.

**Supported log levels and mapping of log level abbreviation and expressions: **

> |  Supported expressions      | Log level     | Color       |

Reviewer 2: Would maybe add the unknown = gray just to also have that color for completeness

Author: Yeah, I was thinking about this. But for **Supported expressions**, do you think I should leave it empty?

Reviewer 2: maybe like `* | unknown | grey`? That would make sense to me

Author: 👍 sounds good. I have added it there. Thanks for the tip!

Results of log queries are shown as histograms in the graph and individual logs are displayed below. If the data source does not send histogram data for the requested time range, the logs model computes a time series based on the log row counts bucketed by an automatically calculated time interval and the start of the histogram is then anchored by the first log row's timestamp from the result. The end of the time series is anchored to the time picker's **To** range.

#### Log level

> For logs with a **level** label, we use the value of the label to determine log level and update color accordingly. If log doesn't have a level label, we parse the log line to find out if its content matches any of the supported expressions (see below). Log level is always determined by the first match. In a case where Grafana is not able to determine log level, log will be visualised with **unknown** log level.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For logs where a **level** label is specified, we use the value of the label to determine the log level and update color accordingly. If the log doesn't have a level label specified, we parse the log to find out if its content matches any of the supported expressions (see below for more information). The log level is always determined by the first match. In case Grafana is not able to determine a log level, it will be visualized with **unknown** log level.
```
